[FLINK-25129][docs] Improvements to the table-planner-loader related docs (#18812)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/dev/configuration/overview.md

| [DataStream]({{< ref "docs/dev/datastream/overview" >}})                          | `flink-streaming-java`                              |  
| [DataStream with Scala]({{< ref "docs/dev/datastream/scala_api_extensions" >}})   | `flink-streaming-scala{{< scala_version >}}`        |   
| [Table API]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/common" >}})                                  | `flink-table-api-java`                              |   
| [Table API with Scala]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/common" >}})                       | `flink-table-api-scala{{< scala_version >}}`        |
| [Table API + DataStream]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/data_stream_api" >}})            | `flink-table-api-java-bridge`                       |
| [Table API + DataStream with Scala]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/data_stream_api" >}}) | `flink-table-api-scala-bridge{{< scala_version >}}` |

Just include them in your build tool script/descriptor, and you can start developing your job!

## Running and packaging

If you want to run your job by simply executing the main class, you will need `flink-runtime` in your classpath.
In case of Table API programs, you will also need `flink-table-runtime` and `flink-table-planner-loader`.

> As a rule of thumb, we **suggest** packaging the application code and all its required dependencies into one fat/uber JAR.

Author: Yep I guess you're right. I think this section in general needs someone else input. I wasn't able to find out a page where we explain the relation between deployments mode and project configuration, perhaps we need one?

> As a rule of thumb, we **suggest** packaging the application code and all its required dependencies into one fat/uber JAR.

Reviewer: We always expect users to create a far jar, irrespective of deployment mode.

> As a rule of thumb, we **suggest** packaging the application code and all its required dependencies into one fat/uber JAR.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @zentol

This includes packaging connectors, formats and every 3rd party dependencies of your job.
This rule **does not apply** to Java APIs, DataStream Scala APIs and eventual aforementioned runtime modules, 

> which are already provided by Flink itself and **must not** be included in a job uber JAR.

Author: Any reason here and above for preferring should rather than must?

This job JAR can be submitted to an already running Flink cluster, or added to a Flink application
container image easily without modifying the distribution.

## What's next?

* To start developing your job, check out [DataStream API]({{< ref "docs/dev/datastream/overview" >}}) and [Table API & SQL]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/overview" >}}).

> * For more details about how to package your job depending on the build tools, check the specific guides:
>   * [Maven]({{< ref "docs/dev/configuration/maven" >}})
>   * [Gradle]({{< ref "docs/dev/configuration/gradle" >}})
> * For more advanced topics about project configuration, check out [advanced topic]({{< ref "docs/dev/configuration/advanced" >}}).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* For more details on how to package your job depending on build tools, check out the following specific guides:
  * [Maven]({{< ref "docs/dev/configuration/maven" >}})
  * [Gradle]({{< ref "docs/dev/configuration/gradle" >}})
* For more advanced topics about project configuration, check out the section on [advanced topics]({{< ref "docs/dev/configuration/advanced" >}}).
```
